TODO.md, before:

# React project

- Sign Up and Sign In Pages:

  1. Create a sign-up page and a sign-in page. [x]
  2. Implement form validations for compulsory fields such as email, password, and name. [x]
  3. Include additional optional fields in the sign-up page. [x]
  4. Utilize different input fields such as text input, radio buttons, checkboxes, etc. [x]

- State Management:

  1. Persist the signed-in user state using a state management system such as Zustand or Context API. [x]

- Multi-Page Website with Routing:

  1. Develop a multi-page website using React Router (BrowserRouter). [x]
  2. Utilize the Route and Link components to manage routing and create links between pages. [x]

- API Integration:

  1. Fetch details from a mock API website such as https://dummyjson.com/
  2. Utilize Axios and useEffect hook to fetch and display data on the website pages.

- Styling and Components:

  1. Utilize a CSS framework such as Mantine for styling and components. [x]
  2. Define styles in a theme file to maintain consistency across the application.

---

# Questions

- Typescript

  1. Adding explictly types for variables.
  2. For some varibles from lib, types are not available.

---

Commit message:

Created login and database store

TODO.md, after:

# React project

- Sign Up and Sign In Pages:

  1. Create a sign-up page and a sign-in page. [x]
  2. Implement form validations for compulsory fields such as email, password, and name. [x]
  3. Include additional optional fields in the sign-up page. [x]
  4. Utilize different input fields such as text input, radio buttons, checkboxes, etc. [x]

- State Management:

  1. Persist the signed-in user state using a state management system such as Zustand or Context API. [x]

- Multi-Page Website with Routing:

  1. Develop a multi-page website using React Router (BrowserRouter). [x]
  2. Utilize the Route and Link components to manage routing and create links between pages. [x]

- API Integration:

  1. Fetch details from a mock API website such as https://dummyjson.com/
  2. Utilize Axios and useEffect hook to fetch and display data on the website pages.

- Styling and Components:

  1. Utilize a CSS framework such as Mantine for styling and components. [x]
  2. Define styles in a theme file to maintain consistency across the application.

---

# Todo

- Create login and database store [x]
- Access login data from store instead from localstorage

---

# Questions

- Typescript

  1. Adding explictly types for variables.
  2. For some varibles from lib, types are not available.

- Frontend Testing

---
